C509

KENWORTH C509 – DEFINING DURABILITY

RUGGED, RELIABLE AND TOUGH

With features primarily designed to provide years of trouble free service, the Kenworth C509 proves itself daily in some of the roughest and toughest environments on earth.

The C509 can be configured for very high GCM in mining and off road applications including remote road train, heavy haulage and mine service operations.

Supreme performance, comfort and safety come together in the C509, one of the most durable trucks on or off the road.

---------------

K200

KENWORTH K200 – DEFINING PRODUCTIVITY

A TRUCKING ICON

The Kenworth K200 cab-over is the perfect choice when it comes to maximising your bottom line for B-Double applications. The K200 provides operators with exceptional productivity through Application Engineering, power and versatility. Simply put you can haul bigger loads with greater ease and efficiency.

Suited to most applications, the K200 is ideal for up to 26m B-Double and B-Triple applications. For the driver, the K200 defines interior space and comfort, delivering easy sleeper access and room to move with a near flat floor.

--------------------

T610

KENWORTH T610 – OUR BEST TRUCK YET

THIS IS WHERE THE NEW ERA BEGINS

Its on-road presence is bold. Its aerodynamics are advanced. The DNA is unmistakable—this new T610 is every inch a Kenworth. And with up to 600Hp at your disposal, it’s ready for whatever task lies ahead.

Inside, the T610 introduces a revolutionary new dimension in driver comfort and ergonomics. More spacious, better equipped and manufactured to the most exacting quality standards in Kenworth’s history, its new enhanced cabin delivers the ultimate driver experience.

There’s been nothing left on the drawing board when it comes to safety. Available with stateof-the-art collision avoidance technology, it can monitor road and traffic conditions constantly to prevent, and protect you from potentially hazardous situations.

------------------------

C509

KENWORTH C509 – DEFINING DURABILITY

RUGGED, RELIABLE AND TOUGH

With features primarily designed to provide years of trouble free service, the Kenworth C509 proves itself daily in some of the roughest and toughest environments on earth.

The C509 can be configured for very high GCM in mining and off road applications including remote road train, heavy haulage and mine service operations.

Supreme performance, comfort and safety come together in the C509, one of the most durable trucks on or off the road.

-------------------------

X15

CUMMINS X15

Better Where It Counts. Every Load.

Cummins is the undisputed global leader in high performance, big bore diesel engines. For nearly two decades, the Cummins X-Series platform has continually raised the bar, setting new levels of performance and operating efficiency that the competition can only aspire to.

But at Cummins, we’re never satisfied with the status quo. So virtually every critical component has been modified, upgraded and improved. The X15 engine series delivers the best performance and dependability in the industry as well as superior fuel economy over competitive engines.